MT
Medical Treatment
a. Original Medical Report/Clinical Abstract
b. Medical Certificate from physician or hospital complete with Admitting Notes & Discharge Summary (if confined)
c. Physician's prescription for medicines bought
d. Clinical test or laboratory results
e. Detailed original hospital Statement of Account
f. Copy of Operative or Histopathology reports
g. Police report (for accidents)
h. Original official receipts for expenses related to the treatment of injury or Sickness

HI
Hospital Income
a. Original Medical Report/Clinical Abstract
b. Medical Certificate from physician or hospital complete with Admitting Notes & Discharge Summary (if confined)
c. Hospital Statement of Account indicating the Admission & Discharge dates
d. Copy of Operative or Histopathology reports
e. Police report (for accidents)

CVCMC
Compassionate Visit & Care of Minor Children 
a. Original Medical Report/Clinical Abstract
b. Medical Certificate from physician or hospital complete with Admitting Notes & Discharge Summary (if confined)
c. Clinical test or laboratory results
d. Copy of Operative or Histopathology reports
e. Police report (for accidents)
f. Original invoice & official receipt of transportation and hotel expenses of the family member who took care of the Insured Person
g. Copy of flight itenerary and official receipts of airfare of the family member

ETCT
Emergency Trip Cancellation & Termination
a. Original medical report and/or Death Certificate of the Insured, Insured's family member, business partner or co-director
b. Proof of relationship between insured Person and the immediate family member, business partner or co-director
c. Original copy of invoice and receipts for proof of advance payment made for trasportation and accommodation expenses issued by the agency or directly by the wholesaler (Airline & Hotel) and a copy of the voucher issued by the Travel Agency.
d. Police report (for accidents)

FDMCF
Flight Delay & Missed Connecting Flight
a. Original certificate from Airline stating the reason for the flight delay/missed connecting flight
b. Copy of the original flight itenerary and new flight itenerary are required for flight delay and missed connecting flight claims
c. For claims arising from international flights, original official receipts of expenses incurred due to accident will be required.

HJ
Hijack
a. Original certificate from Airline regarding the incident

BDDB
Baggage Delay or Damage to Baggage
a. Original Property Irregularity Report (PIR) from airline or written proof of damage from the hotel management
b. Original acknowledgement of baggage receipt stating exact date and time
c. Photograph of the damaged item
d. Original certification of settlement of the compensation payment by the airline company or hotel

LB
Loss of Baggage
a. Original formal complaint before the police at the place where the incident occured, duly listing the contents of the luggage and value (for Baggage Loss)
b. Original Property Irregularity Report (PIR) from Airline or Hotel 
c. Original Receipts of lost or damaged items (if available)
d. Certification from hotel or any other party that the loss was not indemnified, or if settlement was made, certification specifying amount settled

LPM
Loss of Personal Money
a. Police report and any document that will show proof of possession such as bank withdrawal and ATM receipt

LTD
Loss of Travel Documents
a. Original Police report from the place where the incident occured
b. Original receipts of transportation, accommodation, and/or communication expenses to go to the place where documents will be issued

PL
Personal Liability
a. Original Police report from the place where the incident occurred
b. Should be reported to the Emergency Assistance Provider right after the incident

PA
Personal Accident
a. Certified true copy of death certificate
b. Certified true copy of birth certificate of the deceased
c. Certified true copy of birth certificate of the beneficiaries
d. Certified true copy of marriage contract (if married)
e. Police report (for accidents)
f. Letter of Guardianship executed by the Court of Law if the beneficiary is a minor and the share of the insurance proceeds exceeds Php 500,000.00 or if the minor's share proceeds is below Php 500,000.00 but the guardian is not parent
g. IDs of the beneficiary

ED
Emergency Dentistry
a. Original medical report (due to accident)
b. Dental Certificate

SR
Staff Replacement
a. Original medical report
b. Medical certificate from physician or hospital
c. Employment Certificate of Staff
d. Original invoice & official receipt of hotel accommodation incurred by replacement employee

Note: Only transport tickets arranged by the Company or its authorize representative are covered under this Policy.

LDGE
Loss or Damage to Golf Equipment
a. Police Report
b. Pictures of Damaged Property
c. Value/Amount of Damaged Property with supporting documents

LHCPG
Loss of Hand Carried Personal Gadget (Laptop, Tablet, Mobile Phone)
a. Police Report
b. Value/Amount of lost hand carried gadget with supporting documents






















